Restructure the content and add text in manageability section (#118)
ietf-wg-cats/draft-ietf-cats-framework: draft-ietf-cats-framework.md

The "underlay infrastructure" in {{fig-cats-components}} indicates an IP and/or MPLS network that is not necessarily CATS-aware. The CATS paths that are computed by a C-PS will be distributed among the CATS-Forwarders ({{sec-ocr}}), and will not affect the underlay nodes. Underlay nodes are typically P routers ({{Section 5.3.1 of ?RFC4026}}).

> # Operational and Mangeability Considerations

Reviewer: > But in this document, the description of deployment models seems need to be before the workflow section.

I really think that this can be fixed by cross-referencing sections. Deployments models are ops matters and I prefer to leave them grouped as in current version.

The workflow should ideally be independent of the deployment option, but let's not reopen that and simply make sure we have a flow that easy to digest.

* **Centralized model**:
: Computing metrics are collected by a centralized control plane, and then the centralized control plane computes the forwarding path for service requests and syncs up with the Ingress CATS-Forwarder. In this model, C-PS is implemented in the centralized control plane.

* **Hybrid model**:
: Is a combination of distribution and centralized models.
: A part of computing metrics are distributed among involved network devices, and others may be collected by a centralized control plane. For example, some static information (e.g., capabilities information) can be distributed among network devices since they are quite stable (change infrequently). Frequent changing information (e.g., resource utilization) can be collected by a centralized control plane to avoid frequent flooding in the distributed control plane. Service scheduling function can be performed by a centralized control plane and/or the CATS-Forwarder. The entire or partial C-PS function may be implemented in the centralized control plane, depending on the specific implementation and deployment.

> ## Liveness Detection and Monitoring

Author: I actually agree with you. I was struggling to add these text. Let's delete them for now.

CATS is a framework of considering computing-related metrics based on the current routing system, therefore, the current liveness detection and monitoring mechanisms such as BFD, can be used in CATS framework. Telemetry mechanisms, such as Alternate-Marking Method in IPv6 {{?RFC9343}}, and other mechanisms listed in the appendix-A of {{?RFC9232}} can also be used in CATS framework. For detecting the link or connection in the egde site, LLDP (Link Layer Discovery Protocol) can be used.

## Verify Correct Operations

CATS may be implemented by extending some existing control plane protocol, such as BGP. A CATS implementation MUST log error events for better network management and operation, and the detailed mechanism is out of the scope of this document, and can be specified in the solution draft in the future.

> ## Requirements on Other Protocols

Author: agree, I added for review, but also felt struggling when editing the text

# CATS Framework Workflow {#sec-cats-workflow}

> The following subsections provide an overview of how the CATS workflow operates. In order to set up the CATS framework, some related provisioning is needed, and it has been described in {{sec-cats-provisioning}}. According to the different requirements in deployment, distributed model, centralized and hybrid model are proposed in this document , please see {{sec-cats-deployment}} for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following subsections provide an overview of a typical CATS workflow. In order to enable CATS in a given domain, some provisioning is needed; see more details in {{sec-cats-provisioning}}. {{sec-cats-deployment}} describes several deployment options (distributed, centralized, and hybrid model) to accommodate a variety of contexts.
```
